Add `<ReadMore>` component (#6267)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/vercel.mdx

## Usage

> <ReadMore>**[Read the full deployment guide here.](/en/guides/deploy/vercel/)**</ReadMore>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ReadMore>Find out more about [deploying your project to Vercel](/en/guides/deploy/vercel/).</ReadMore>
```
